Update Protocol.Params.Param.Interprete.md (#3676)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/schemadoc/Protocol/Protocol.Params.Param.Interprete.md

Specifies how a parameter value is processed.

> By default, try to follow the following guidelines for Interpretes and Measurements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, try to follow the following guidelines for specifying values for the Interprete and Measurement subtags:
```

- **For strings**:

  - Interprete.Rawtype = other

  - Interprete.Type = string

  - Measurement.Type = string

- **For numbers**:

  - Interprete.Rawtype = numeric text

  - Interprete.Type = double

  - Measurement.Type = number 

- **For tables**:

>   - Interprete.Rawtype = other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove this line (for tables, the DIS snippets do not include an Interprete tag)

>   - Interprete.Type = double

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove this line (for tables, the DIS snippets do not include an Interprete tag)

>   - Measurement.Type = number 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Measurement.Type = table
```

- **For discreets**:

>   If all the values in a discreet are numbers, it is better to use interpretes for numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If all the values in a discreet are numbers, it is better to use Interprete.Type and Interprete.RawType as specified in **For numbers**.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If all the values in a discreet are numbers, it is better to use Interprete.Type and Interprete.RawType as specified above in "for numbers".
```
